So now let's see how we can integrate
S3 events notifications with Lambda.
So just a reminder on S3 event notifications,
it is a way for you to get notified
whenever an object is created, removed, restored,
when there is a replication happening.
You can filter by prefix and by suffix.
And the use case is,
the classic one is to generate thumbnail images
of every image uploaded into Amazon S3.
So you have your events into Amazon S3,
and S3 can send it to three things,
to SNS and from an SNS topic,
we can do a fan out pattern to send to multiple SQ-SQ,
or we can sent it into an SQ-SQ
and have a Lambda function directly read off that SQ-SQ,
or we could have an Amazon S3 event notification,
directly invoke our Lambda function
and this is an asynchronous invocation.
And this Lambda function could do
whatever it wants with that data,
and then in case things go wrong,
we can set up a dead-letter queue, for example an SQS,
as we've seen from before.
So these S3 event notifications typically deliver events
in seconds but sometimes can take a minute or longer
and so you want to make sure
that you're not losing any event notifications,
make sure that you enable versioning on your bucket.
Otherwise, if two writes on the same object happen
at the same exact time, you may get one notification
and not two.
That's just the small print from the documentation
but one worth noting.
Okay.
So, here is a simple pattern.
An S3 bucket will have a new file event into Lambda.
And Lambda function will process that file
maybe insert that data into DynamoDB Table
or even a table in RDS database.
Very simple.
Let's see how we can do this in the hands on.